BART fix special characters in generated output (#217)
allenai/allennlp-models: CHANGELOG.md

- `coding_scheme` parameter is now deprecated in `Conll2000DatasetReader`, please use `convert_to_coding_scheme` instead.

> ### Fixed
> 
> - Fixed BART model so that it no longer produces special characters in `make_output_human_readable`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Added

- BART model now adds a `predicted_text` field in `make_output_human_readable` that has the cleaned text corresponding to `predicted_tokens`.
```
